Week 1 Wednesday 30/7/25
Inchworm

There is a pattern here, if the current position of the worm / leaf length is whole, the leaf gets eaten. Planning on using a for-loop to check this.
Afterwards, this worked with all the supplied test cases, except that I had the loop end one element early and thus didn't include the final leaf if that was eaten.
Planning is already working better than it has been with my previous code! That said, I'm a bit rusty and enjoying the practice. I've also never used a .hpp file,
but I now know how to deal with that.

ThrowTheBall

I don't think there's a mathematical way to do it outside of just making an array for the length of the players. Then each element will store how many times they
have held the ball, and we can use that for p. We will start at player 1. Every pass there should be a check in case the addition goes above or below the player
numbers. Whenever a player gets the ball, there should be some check for whether the game ends, and also an increasing counter. I think this could be done with a 
while-loop whose condition is that the element in the current array is less than M. Except maybe that wouldn't work depending on when the change is or when the 
check is. Maybe a break statement is needed? Hmm hmm hmm.
A while loop where each loop:
    - we check the value inside the current player's element
    - if it's even we add values
    - if it's odd we subtract values
    - if the value is outside of our range, we add or subtract N
    - Then we add one to that player's value
    - we add one to the count

Turns out I slightly misunderstood where the ball goes because the first example confused me a little bit. But we figured it out and I got there. I also had forgotten
how vectors worked lol.

SquareOfDigits

I'm feeling quite tired and I'm struggling to work out the algorithm that I'm using in my head.
I suppose for each element, you would need to check if there was another element of that same number in the row it's in. So if you had a 2 in the top-left corner,
you could see if there were any other 2's in that row. Perhaps this count could be done with a vector where each element represents the number of times its identifier
appeared in that row? And then if it's more than once, you could then check its other two corners which must exist in specific corners based on the distance between
them. I'd need to be careful about how to handle more than 2 elements being there in one row, hmm. Sadly I think this is a case of checking each square? Although
with the difference between the two elements in the top row, you wouldn't need to do the full calculation to know if it's possibly larger than any square previously
found. Hmm hmm hmm.

Week 1 Friday 1/8/25

Still SquareOfDigits

I've just finished the SquareOfDigits problem and it took me much longer than I wanted it to. The primary problem I had was that my thinking in creating an 
algorithm for this revolved around there being a max of 2 elements of the same number per row. I was counting up the values in each row, finding the size of 
the side created by those two elements, and comparing the four corners because of that. This meant that my problem worked fine for any of the test cases given,
but not for anything with 3 or more identical values. Ultimately I need to read the problem better. I also really struggled getting away from the logic I had 
made, trying to adapt it rather than stepping back and thinking practically. I really didn't want to have three for-loops (although I believe it's still only
O(n^2) not O(n^3) as I had feared, time-wise), which meant I ignored the best solution: comparing each element with each other element. I did use AI to help me
here, which I am a little bit ashamed of, but ultimately it wasn't the programming that stopped me, but the ability to accept that my original solution may be
wrong or unsuitable.

DownloadingFiles

This one I aced. It did take about an hour and a half, sadly, but I made a plan, stuck to it, and it worked. There were definitely things that needed fixing,
but my bugs were all easily found and calculation errors. I was disappointed how much I had struggled with SquareOfDigits, so I had a look at the hardest question
I could do right now, but it was so much easier!? I'm not sure if I was just better suited to this type of question or what, but regardless I'm happy. Still need
to work faster, but I think that can be forgiven at 11:30pm.