Week 9 Tuesday

ErdosNumber Design Ideas

Okay, so I've been sick and didn't attend the lecture today, so I don't aaaactually know how graphs work besides what I know from tutoring year 12 general maths,
BUT, I've got an idea:
I'm essentially going to have an initial run through the input array looking for Erdos and putting Erdos and any other elements related into a finale array. I'll
pop any finished elements. Then, I'll use a while loop with the condition of the input array having a size greater than 0, and essentially do the same thing
but not Erdos-specific. I think this should work!! Let's see.

Week 9 Wednesday

CatGame Design Ideas

I'm having trouble making the ErdosNumber problem, so I'm going to do an easier one for warm-up before getting into it properly. This CatGame one I think I 
have sorted maybe? I basically am going to find the average of all the elements in the array, and make every element move n towards that average. The examples
all work with this, fingers crossed. Let's see if this works.

CatGame Reflection

I got really lost in the sauce of this one, but ultimately realised that I needed to check each position of that "average" that I was using in the previous 
idea. I also, as usual, briefly tried recursion, but this is definitely a better way to do it. Essentially I sorted the array, and then made all of them go 
left, and then one by one moved the items right, checking the difference as I go.

ErdosNumber Design Ideas

I've got a better idea. I want to have a variable for whatever current author I'm using, beginning with Erdos, and a variable for that author's number. 
Then I will loop through the list of publications, tokenising each element and checking if the current author is present. If it is, then each of the other 
authors, plus the number+1, will be pushed onto the final vector. Then, that publication will be turned to "-1", and filtered out on future counts. Whenever
"-1" is encountered, I'll have a counter, and the looping will end when either I run out of authors, or when the counter is equal to the size of the array.
Then I'll sort the array, and then return the array. I thiiiink this is a good enough plan.

Week 9 Thursday

ErdosNumber Reflection

I think before I begin I need to list edge cases. I was so stumped for cases where the number was greater than 9, or when an author would be in two publications
that were taken out in the same phase. Otherwise, I wasn't getting caught out by my own programming, I was being caught out by a lack of planning. Everything
I encountered was a new case I hadn't considered. Let's try and plan in future.

CubeStickers Design Ideas

I've got a plan where, since you can have a max of two stickers of the same colour on the cube, there are several specific possibilities here for "YES" answers.
The cases are:
- 3 colours with two or more stickers in each
- 4 colours where at least two have two or more stickers in each
- 5 colours where at least one has two or more stickers
- 6 colours or more
Otherwise, it's not possible. I'm going to use an unordered map to count it out. Let's see if I've thought through this enough!

CubeStickers Reflection

The only issue was a minor error I made where the "break" statement wasn't where it was supposed to be for the 5 colours case, causing some issues. But, 
an easy fix and an easy thing to work out, and the planning worked!!

CellRemoval Design Ideas

I actually looked at this before looking at CubeStickers but decided to come back to it because it looked overwhelming. However, I think I've figured out 
how to navigate this one.
I think the end points, or the final cells, are the elements whose i is not present in the array itself. Then, I think we can create some vector of elements 
to be deleted (with the elements corresponding to the i's of the parent vector), starting with the deletedCell we're given and then going onto any i whose 
element is equal to deletedCell (or any added value). Then you loop through the array until no further changes are made. After that, I'll create a version 
of the cell vector without anything in the array of dead cells, and then count up the final cells from that. Fingers crossed this works? It seems to for 
all the examples.

SimpleDuplicateRemover Design Ideas

I actually found out I don't know anything or understand the CellRemoval problem at all, so I'm giving up and moving on. I'd love this cold to go away so I can
have my brain back.

My plan for this one is as follows:
Have a vector of a 1000 elements, all 0. Go from right to left through sequences, incrementing elements of a each time, for instance, if sequence[5] = 10, then
a[9]++ (10-1). Each time, we'll check if a[9] or whatever is >1, and if so, change sequence[5]=-1. Then, when all is done, I'll make a final vector out of 
any non--1 element, and return that.

SimpleDuplicateRemover Reflection

Not a bit of debugging required! Excellent excellent excellent, what a joy. This whole planning thing, gosh.