Week 2 Thursday EggCartons

I'm a bit frustrated only starting on these questions now, but better late than never.
I've got what I think is a solid plan for this question. We're looking for a and b such that n = 6a + 8b, and a + b is at minimum. The minimum will always 
occur with the maximum available 8-egg cartons (I thiiiiink), so I'm going to assign a = 0 and find the appropriate b. Then increment a until either I find an 
answer, or 6a > n. I'm also going to put in specific cases for n being odd and for n < 6. Let's see!
And I was correct. I had some trouble ensuring my b calculation was right, but it all worked out.

BlackAndRed

This one stumped me for a bit until I looked at the long example and tried to do it in my head. I realised I was basically just keeping track of how many 
reds there were. When reading the description I was getting very bogged down in the idea of counting to the end, including the starting section after it had 
been placed at the end, but of course due to the constraints that's unnecessary. It will always work that there is somewhere to cut it. So let's see if my plan
works.
It did work!! I'm very pleased with how my problem solving is going.

AlternateColors

I wanted to do a 3-star problem, but I had a look at them and decided I don't have the wherewithall tonight. I can't tell if the 2-star ones are just really 
easy and the jump is really big, or if I chose a really hard 3-star problem to think about. Regardless, I'll definitely do a 3-star problem this week.
For now though, this one I think is just about splitting the number of balls destroyed into the segments of "all three colours", "two colours" and "one colour",
and then finding the remainder to determine which colour is right. Let's see if I'm right! From two test cases, it seems to work, but that's on paper.

Week 2 Sunday

Still AlternateColors

I need to be more careful in my calculating of numbers. I spent too long struggling through that for what turned out to be two numbers needing to be swapped.
Alas. More problems now.

DerivativeSequence

I have a plan for this one, but I'm worried I haven't thought it through enough for multiple levels. I'm going to implement it and make sure it works for n=1,
and then see about afterwards. I think it's solid though? I'm a bit distracted and tired from some life stuff, so I'm worried I'm missing something obvious.

Yippee! It worked! I had a little trouble with a strange seg fault, but turns out in my second for-loop, I had (j=0; i < ___; j++), so that i was causing an 
issue. All worked out and fixed now! One more problem.

I'm going to choose another 2-star one. I know we need to challenge ourselves, but if a person reads this, I need it to be known that my dog is having emergency 
surgery this week, and I've just moved house and am managing a lot to do with that, and I've got no family support. These things will all ease and I will have 
time to do more stuff, but just right now things are very full on. And besides, I'm still learning a lot and refreshing my skills with 2-star problems. But I 
promise I'm not doing this out of lack of care for the spirit of the class and for learning. I intend on becoming an extremely good programmer.

PartySeats

For this one I wish I had access to what I did in the prac exam, but that's fine. I've got a plan that involves making arrays of the girls and boys, checking
the lengths of the arrays, and then creating a nice little results array.
And I believe that's right! I missed a bit about having the people in alphabetical order, but I beleive that I've finished it. Submission time!!