Week 4 Thursday

MonstersValley2

I've got a solid plan for this one I think. I'm going to use recursion, where there are two calls at each point, one for each choice (to bribe or to walk past).
Then, there are two base cases: one where you attempt to walk past with less than the required dread (at which point it just returns), and one where you reach
the end of the list of monsters. At that point, it checks whether the price tallied is smaller than the global variable price, and updates it if so. I also think I 
only need to pass four variables: three ints and a char, so I don't think it's too taxing either? Obviously recursion will always have a bunch of stack frames,
but at the very least it's only like 2^20 at max (oh dear). I am feeling really good about my abilities after the prac exam yesterday, so I'm hoping I just 
breeze through this.

It worked! The only issue was that I had the total party dread as an int, not a long, which meant eventaully they were negative values which mucked up all the
arithmetic. But we got there with no fuss at ALL, goodness me!!

UnsealTheSafe

I am almost CERTAIN there is a better way to do this, but here is my way lmao. I will do it recursively. Initially there will be a call for each of 10 possible
starting digits (0-9), and then depending on what digit was called, we will then do a recursive call between 1-4 other times for the next possible digits. Each 
call will increase the global variable counter by 1, and the base case will be when N is hit. I'm definitely worried about gradescope not being able to grade this
but given that they're expecting a long, I'm hoping it's going to be fine. Let's seeee.

So, I overcooked the hell out of that one. Recursion with a long (not int) amount of stack frames, yeahhh nooo. That was a stupid idea. I also noticed that since
N can only be 30, there are exactly 30 possible solutions to this problem. (Curious about how this will result in 100 points, lol, but okay). So then I drew up 
a little table where the vertical are digits 0-9 and the horizontal is values of N. I only did N=1 and 2, but then the values in the table are the amount of 
possibilities. So for N=1, it'll be 10, for N=2, it's 26, etc. And then with the values given from the examples, the next rows are calculated as the sums of the 
previous ones I thiiiink. The maths is a little dodgy rn but I think I'm onto something, knock on wood. Let's see if this strategy works.

It did work, but holy shit, read up on data structures before you use them!! I was so confused about how matrices work that I entirely fucked it up and hindered
myself for SO long.

ImportantTasks

I'm not convinced I've fully thought through the intricacies of this problem, but my current method works for all the given ones. I'm going to sort each array
in descending order, and then iterate through the tasks, effectively assigning them a computer if possible, counting all the tasks that have been allocated.

Let's go!! I was right!!

Also, I know the idea is to practice a lot throughout the week, and I think that's a really smart idea, but unfortunately due to the way this week is rolling
for me, I just need to get as much done as possible. Sorry!!

TimeTravellingCellar

For this one, I was a bit confused about it, but I think I just want to find the biggest profit and smallest decay and find the biggest value possible. I'll
need to make cases for the same cellar being both, but we will see. I think this one will be fine.