Week 3 Thursday

QuickSums

It's a busy week but I'm trying my hand at QuickSums. I want those bonus points, damn it, and I think I have a good plan? I'm a little bit overwhelmed so I
don't know if I'll finish the question, but I've figured out part of the question at least. Originally, I was viewing it where, for 'numbers' of length n, there
were n-1 choices to be made. Each choice would then be whether to have a plus or not. But if I, rather than having each recursion round be those n-1 choices,
have each round just be a single choice of plus or no-plus, and then have n-1 rounds, it'll be waaaay easier. I'm really not great at recursion, so I'm hoping
I can keep my cool when that sort of thing comes up in prac exams.

That took hours, because I'm exhausted, but I did it!! Stringstreams are weird but my plan worked and I'm so happy. Perhaps this week I'll be able to finish
up the christmas tree problem.

StrangeComputer

I have to leave in 45 minutes so I'm going to try and get this 2-star problem done. I think I have a plan, and it seems right to me, but I don't know if I have
enough examples to be sure. We shall see.

I think we might have it! Time to submit, that was 13 minutes I believe. I made some silly errors where I was comparing mem[0] with the int 0 rather than char 
'0', but I sorted it and figured it out quickly.

ChristmasTree

This is a problem I looked at earlier and could not for the life of me work out how to tackle. But from both the lecture and working on QuickSums, I realised
I had overcomplicated it entirely. What I actually need to do is just take it a single choice at a time, and call the function only for the next bauble, not
the next row or next tree within the tree. I haven't written it up yet, but I have the plan in my notebook with the base cases (reaching n or having an invalid
row), so fingers crossed this works. I plan on finishing this assignment up tonight (it has been a good few hours since StrangeComputer).
I'm giving up on this for now. I've done this to the best of my current abilities, but I want to get to bed. I've got it working for all the test cases on my 
machine, but I haven't gotten it to submit within the 600 seconds. I know there is some cleaning up I could do, but I am really struggling working out where
the issues are. So I'm going to do some easier ones for now, and do this later.

ExerciseMachine

For this one, my plan is to calculate the number of seconds that we're given, and then divide it by 100 (or maybe 99?) and see how many times we get an int.
I think this will work, but let's see.
Woohoo! That worked!

Arrows

This is my "winding down" one. I really want to go to bed. I suspect my plan isn't great in terms of algorithm, but given that it took me a minute to remember
the word algorithm, I think it's fine. Especially since s is max 50 chars. I'm just going to go once forwards and once backwards, measuring how long the 
arrows are. If I don't get this first off it will be embarrassing.

Week 3 Friday

I feel asleep so I'm going back to this, and my plan was so half-baked lol. I think I need to sleep more.