Thursday Week 8

CorporationSalary Design ideas
I'm worried that it's ultimately going to be a long, but I think just making this by looping through a zillion times should be fine since there's only 50 
employees? Let's see.

CorporationSalary Reflection
Sometimes you're just a fucking legend. Idk what to say.
Nah, but worth not getting scared about longs. I had the idea, I backed down, got scared for a while, then looked at the restraints and realised I was scared for 
no reason. The things I've ruled out the second I see a long, without checking if it's actually a limitation of the problem. I think I got spooked by the 
prac exam yesterday, where I missed the fact that it was longs and used brute-force.

Sunday Week 8

Thimbles Design Ideas 
I'm starting again with an easier one as it has been a massive week. For this I'm just gonna loop through the array and work out if the current element is there,
and if so, change current to the other one. Should work? I think?

Thimbles Reflection
I think maybe I chose a problem that was too easy.

HandsShaking Design Ideas
So this one took me a while to work out. I struggled understanding the examples but I think I've done it, and posited that I think n=6 results in 5. With this,
and given that it expects a long, I knew counting solutions would be stupid, and I'm not even sure where to begin on that, so I thought about exponential functions?
This isn't really something that's come up in the course, but I've been patchy attendance-wise so maybe it has. I thiiiink I can use an exponential function
to calculate this though. Let's see!

HandsShaking Problem Solving
Okay I know it looks like I'm just redesigning it to match the very next failed test, but I am so, so sure that there is a correct exponential function for 
this, if I can just get enough data. If I don't get it by n=20 I'll figure out something else but I'm so certain this will work.
Okay so at n=16, my lovely exponential function is starting to really fall apart, so I think this is wrong. I'm keen to explore some different functions, but
I will chill on this and figure out a better idea soon. They're still really close! Just rounding a bit wrong.

Okay I used AI and figured out that there is a mathematical way to do this, which I did believe since it is a problem with a single input and single output.
But I was super set on it being some sort of function, which I suppose this is, but it's more of a tabulation situation, which I couldn't quite grasp.

Sunday Holiday Week 1

HandsShaking Reflection

It's probably other life stress but this one was really hard for me. I got it working on my machine, but because of a weird seg fault, I wasn't getting any 
gradescope output at all. It frustrated me to the point where I put this down entirely for a week, which was not my plan. Without the output I didn't know how
to be sure I had it working for input values close to 50, so I was really frustrated. The seg fault was showing up only for an input value of 50, but also only 
when I had a main function with other test cases. If the main was just countPerfect(50), it ran fine. I also could get the seg fault to vanish if I had some 
printing values happening in the function. Eventually I tried to change it from returning the values in the array to the value in 'current', and extended the 
array by 1 in case that was where the seg fault was coming from, but again, neither of those should cause a conditional seg fault. It worked, and I'm moving on,
but god I didn't need that. Just one more problem left.

RockStar Design Ideas
My instinct, as per usual, is to do recursion where it doesn't make sense to do it. I ultimately decided that it was a stupid idea, given the number of possible
outcomes and therefore stack frames needed for four inputs all size of ints. Now obviously it's not longs, but even the concept of using recursion for something
where each input was in the hundreds just gave me shudders. So instead I have made a rough mathematical one based on which values are zeroes. I wish we got given
more examples to be sure that what my plan is is correct, but the only way I'm gonna get more examples is by submitting to gradescope. Let's have a crack.

RockStar Reflection
I should use maths more often. I think whenever there are a bunch of number inputs I need to think about a mathematical approach first, rather than recursion.
Glad this week's stuff is over.