Week 5 Wednesday

HouseBuilding

Okay, I opened this question out of curiosity because I was interested in seeing how hard a 4-star problem would be, but I don't actually think this one is that hard?
Famous last words. My plan is this: convert the given data into a vector of ints. Then, I will find the average of all the values in the vector. I will round this
(I am a little uncertain here, I wish I had some more examples but oh well), and check both the pair of a & a+1, and a & a-1. In checking the pair, I will find the 
difference between vector[i] and the closest of the two values to it. Then I will add all these up, and submit the smallest of these. I'm a bit worried about the
way the averaging is going to work, but oh well. Let's give it a crack.

After speaking to the tutor he suggested not doing this route. He implied something about how there are only 10 digits, and so there may be some we don't want to 
change. I'm going to pivot slightly where instead of the average, I'm going to check which digit is most common, and check the cases around that (a,a+1 etc.). I
do still need to think about cases where multiple values appear the same number of times. I think I'm just going to loop through and check all of them, that feels
safest. Until I know the other test cases, I don't know that I can fully trust this.

Okay turns out I didn't totally understand what the tutor said. Turns out, I was going about it in a bad way (who would have thought!). The key thing I didn't 
notice was that if I have the counts of every time a particular digit appears, I can just increase them all at once by multiplying, instead of looping through
the array of integers again. I was really hesitant to do an entire brute force thing because of the way I wanted to do it, so I was trying to figure out a pattern
around which set of (i,i+1) would make it level with minimum effort, instead of finding a pretty good way to brute force it. Perhaps my nervousness around the 
average thing should have been a clue I was going on the wrong path. I'm also not super happy with how long that took me (1.5 hours), but it was a 4-star problem
so I'm going to cut myself a little bit of slack.

RGBStreet

This problem feels recursive to me. Although maybe I am overcomplicating it, hmm.

What I want to do is have a recursive function that takes an element i (where in the list of strings we are), an int choice (the choice 1, 2, or 3), and maybe 
something else I will figure out while I'm planning. I then want to call two functions at the end, for each of the two cases where the following house is painted a 
different choice. I will also pass the currentCost, which I will add to each call. The base case will be i > string.size(), as this will mean there are no more
houses to paint. In the base case, I'll check the currentCost against a global variable that is the minimum cost (which ofc starts as int_max), and update it if
the cost of this route was smaller. I think this should work? But I'm worried that, like the ChristmasTree one, I'm not going to be able to get it to run in a 
reasonable amount of time. Hmm hmm hmm. (I will return to the ChristmasTree problem).

I managed to get that working (despite a small and stupid error), but Cruz said there was a way to tabulate the answer instead of using recursion. Hmm, hmm, hmm.
I'll think about it while working on other problems.

RunLengthEncoding

I'm doing some simpler ones now to wind down. For this, I think a simple loop will do it. For each character, we first check if it's a letter or a number. If 
it's a letter, we simply add that letter to the result string and move on. If it's a number, I will probably use something like stringstream to extract the 
entire number (i.e. if it's greater than 9 I need to handle that), and then extract the letter that follows it. I will put that letter into the result string
as many times as required, and then iterate i (the looping variable) for as many times as needed, so that it effectively skips all the characters relating to 
the thing I just did. Should be good? If I can work out how to count all that. Let's have a crack.

RunLengthEncoding Reflection:
I sadly only just noticed the thing about specifying whether it's design ideas, troubleshooting or reflecting, so I'm starting that now.
This problem took longer than it needed to because I'm overtired, but my basic plan was fine. I just needed to read my own code and remember how strings worked.
I do think it's slightly over-engineered, as I had a simplified version that didn't work, so I put in different parts more explicitely to work out the issue.
If this were a larger project, I'd simplify it. As it stands, it works, and all is well.

ElevatorLimit Design Ideas:
I've had a look through this problem and I'm feeling pretty confident. My plan is to loop through the arrays given, subtracting the number in exit, then checking
if that is a new minimum. Then I will add the number in enter, and check that for a new maximum. By the end I will have a number min and a number max. I will
then use those to calculate the BigMin and BigMax asked of in the question (the naming is because I'm tired, lol). min + BigMin = 0, so BigMin = -min. If BigMin
becomes a negative number, it will become 0. Then BigMax = lim - max, and if that is ever negative, we return an empty vector. Let's see how this goes!

ElevatorLimit Reflection:
I need to stop bloody coding when I'm tired. There were so, so many edge cases I missed. Ultimately it was easy to solve due to the wonderful gradescope 
outputs (seriously, so many classes have shit outputs that are unhelpful as hell), but they were all things I should have noticed in reading the problem. Like 
it the maximum number of people in the lift at one time is a negative number, then the maximum number of people who could have been in the lift at the start is
just the physical limit. So on and so forth. But I got there, thank god, and I can put this away until next week.